[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: Most of you seeing
like typing and it works okay but
nothing's happening.
Okay.
So let's go close the loop and
make it actually work again.
So, let's go over to search.JSX.
This is going to be really fun because
we get to delete a bunch of stuff.
My favorite pastime is deleting code.
It's just so cathartic.
Especially when it's not my code and
I get to delete my coworker's code.
Okay, I probably sound like
the worst jerk in the world.
I'm pretty close.
Okay.
const connector = store.
Sorry, requires store rather slash store.
Okay.
Delete get initial state because we're not
going to keep track of any state in here.
Delete the HandleSearchTerm event,
we don't we didn't have that, that's okay.
>> Brian Holt: No,
yeah get rid of this too,
get rid of this method,
handleSearchTermChange because we're
not going to be modifying
our own state anymore.
Is that how we want to do it though?
>> Brian Holt: All right,
it's headers handling all that data.
So, we don't actually need it,
so, delete that,
get rid of this handleSearchTermChange.
You get a search term,
cuz it no longer knows.
And you're just going to give it
show search, which you put back
the one online because that's
ridiculous to have that on two lines.
Okay, now we're going to change
filter to only look for search Term.
>> Brian Holt: This is going
to be props instead of state.
And this also needs to
be a prop type up here.
So search term colon string which
also have to bring that in as well,
so up here you can pull in string as well.
I think we already have
the connector at the bottom.
Nope, we didn't have, so
we have to do connector here as well.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
make sure you do connector there.
I'll scroll up so
you can see the rest of it.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so if you wanted to,
you can actually factor this again to
be a stateless function
component which is nice.
I'm not going to, but you one should,
cuz it no longer cares about state and so.
Again, limiting your surface areas for
bugs is always a good idea.
After this, I'm gonna go ahead and
push a branch.
So, if you're broken,
I'm going to push a branch.
Bless you.
But now, search should work again.
So, I'm gonna go make sure
that that's the case, so
I'm not having you type broken code.
Everything's compiling okay.
So let's come back over here.
Refresh and type in the here and
say like Kimmie and
now we're working again but
this is all using Redux
be the scene that we're no
longer using React state.
So, give me a second to
push up a new branch.
>> Brian Holt: checkout -b fem-21.
git commit-m FEM step 21.
git push origin FEM 21.
>> Speaker 2: There's a question on if
we made a stateless component prop tapes
would have to be defined
outside of it correct.
>> Brian Holt: Yep same way we did
the ES6 class ones you would say like
connector search.proptypes
equals the object up here.
This one.
Yeah that's exactly how you do it.
>> Brian Holt: Is it working for
most people?
So what do you think, Redux, yea or nay?
Pretty cool so far.
It's about to get a ton more compelling.
Once I show you how to debug redux,
you just want to put it in everything.
>> Brian Holt: But we've externalized a
lot of the concerns about marshalling data
which is why we were able to delete so
much code to make this back to be
a stateless functional component.
To be totally honest, if you're willing
to keep all of your view state in redux,
your entire React app can just be
stateless functional components which is
pretty cool.
Now, that's pretty close to true.
Sometimes you need the life
cycle methods but,
we'll talk about those
later in the course.
But beyond that, for the most part,
technique is still as
functional components.
>> Speaker 3: What's your opinion on,
so like in this case,
we're putting the search
into the global store.
But, do you think if there might be
something like say you have a form.
Would you still do that because
of the gains you get by
following this the Redux pattern.
Or does it make more sense to,
for performance reasons,
save it locally to the component.
And then when you submit it, push it.
>> Brian Holt: I would never do it for
performance reasons.
React is really fast
about updating its state.
And it actually does batching that
Redux is not going to do for you.
Now the question for
you is where does it make sense for
you to have your view state?
Because app state which is ideas like for
example, we have shows which is app state
right that's something that comes from the
server and it's something I'm gonna use
multiple places absent also be like your
user information, well that kind of stuff.
View state is gonna give you something
more like what I have in the form
of what I have in might this input
is this checkbox checks, right?
I'm personally of the opinion
that I keep all of my view state
in React because that just
makes sense to me, right?
Like React is my view Library, I should
use it to keep track of view state.
People disagree with me and
they keep every state 100% goes into redux
and that's up to you but I'm right.
So listen to me.
[LAUGH] So, does that make sense?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah it's another trade
off and decision you need to make for
yourself.
>> Speaker 4: Can you scroll up a bit?
Yeah, thanks.
>> Speaker 2: A couple people in here
saying that the search button isn't
working in the last push,
through the browse all.
>> Brian Holt: Does for me.
Now this doesn't work yet
because we haven't fixed that yet.
We're about to fix it.
Is that what people are referring to?
>> Speaker 2: I'd see.
>> Brian Holt: And
this seems to work okay.
Yeah, we haven't plugged in landing yet,
which is the next step that we're
going to do here momentarily.